hey guys welcome to lingua marina today
we're going to work on a phrase that you
use a lot
and the phrases i want and we're going
to work on it
in a way that i'm going to teach you
synonyms that might help you
express your desires in a better way
in a more beautiful way and after
watching this video
i'm hoping that you would start using
some of the phrases that we'll learn
instead of saying
i want all the time i want i want i want
me
so if you're interested please continue
watching this video and before you
continue please hit the like button for
the youtube algorithm
so that youtube starts recommending my
videos to other
english language learners who might need
this information the first phrase sounds
like
i am craving for example when you're
pregnant
you crave a lot of things and when i was
pregnant with a huge belly
people would ask me what are your
cravings what are you craving for when
you're pregnant
i didn't have any cravings by the way
but it's just a great phrase to say
i am craving something you don't have to
say it only when you're pregnant you can
say it all the time when you really want
to eat something
oh my god i'm craving a donut from
krispy kreme and by the way if you try
it
it's really unhealthy but it's so so
good i am craving
a donut from krispy kreme i am craving
mcdonald's oh my god again something
that is really unhealthy
but they just add something to their
food that you want it all the
time comment down below if that's the
same for you i'm craving some teriyaki
beef
i'm in the mood for again this phrase is
very light and it's used in a situation
where you're talking about
food again or something that you're
willing to do tonight for example
i'm in the mood for sushi let's go to
that sushi place or
i'm in the mood for bowling let's go
bowling which is a really reality to
many people right now but
i'm in a mood for watching videos on
youtube and staying at home i don't want
to go out tonight
do you agree that saying i want to watch
youtube
is a little kind of boring but if you
say i'm in a mood for watching
a couple of youtube videos sounds a
little aristocratic i like it i like
this phrase
i'm in the mood for some music 80s
another phrase that you've probably
learned but aren't using that often
i feel like i feel like eating ice cream
i feel like going out i feel
like taking a walk i feel like watching
tv
this is a great phrase to express your
desires
i feel like break dancing
a phrase i really fancy has the same
meaning
as a phrase i feel like it means i want
but it's like it would be great to have
something and it's mostly used in the uk
i really fancy a cup of tea and they
scone
right now this is very british by the
way five o'clock tea
scone so i really fancy a cup of tea
i really fancy a nap right now
yeah that really finds this color
another way to say i want
is to say i could really do with
something i could really do with a cup
of coffee right now
by the way in the place we're in they
don't have a coffee maker so i have to
drive to get my coffee
and i just love coffee in the mornings i
really want another one right now so i
could really do with another cup of
coffee
when you really really want something
and you're talking to your friends kind
of in a formal
environment you can say i'd kill for i'd
kill for
a hamburger right now i'd kill for
a pair of shoes by manolo blahnik so
something that you really really want
but remember it's for an informal
conversation
oh a kill for a latte another phrase is
kind of similar to i'd kill for
something to do with death i am dying
for
and again this is really informal and
this is when you really really like
or want something i am dying for running
it's been a week without training i am
dying for coca-cola it's been a week
without
sugar i'm just dying for a drink the
next phrase is really really useful and
it's the last phrase for this video
we use this phrase when we are open to
something but we're not
committing to it so for example somebody
asks you to
do something for them and you're like i
am up
for it that means i can do it i'm not
promising that we're doing this but i'm
up for it so if you decide to proceed
with it
i'm good so for example somebody is
asking you to co-host a party with
them and you're like i'm up for it it
doesn't mean that you're gonna start
planning everything right away it means
that
whenever the other person decides that
they want to proceed with this project
then you would jump in but right now
you're up for it you're not against the
idea
but you're not jumping on it right away
i'm up for anything
thank you guys so much for watching this
video up to the very end as always if
you want to practice more english with
me english.online is a resource where
you can buy my handbook for english
language learners it has over 180 pages
of
useful content about grammar vocabulary
in english and it also has a lot of
practical tasks where you can practice
your tenses
where you can practice prepositions
where you can practice synonyms and
where you can just work on your english
daily
it has a tracker for 30 days so every
single day
you would do something to improve your
english the link will be down below
english.online thank you guys so much
for watching this video and i hope to
see you very soon in my next vlogs
bye